welcome and thanks for purchasing this
advanced video for countertops this is
one in a series of how-to videos
featuring my exclusive dura Podge method
for creating beautiful yet durable
surfaces take a look at the paper you've
colored and choose the best of the best
for your prominent areas on the
countertop set these aside we'll use
them later one of the trickiest spots on
doing a countertop believe it or not is
this angle right here where the
backsplash and the horizontal surface
meet it's time to fill in our top
surface so let's take a look at our
paper with this granite that I've
created we have some very definite flows
with the darker colors welcome and
thanks for purchasing this how-to video
on how to skim with cement
this is one in a series of how-to videos
I've created for decoupage flooring
featuring my exclusive dura Podge method
for creating beautiful yet durable
surfaces don't get confused with the
terms underlayment and self leveling
products
and every so often go right down the
edge like that you'll create a beautiful
edge welcome and thanks for purchasing
my advanced techniques video on how to
create the look of sandstone featuring
my exclusive dura Podge method for
creating it beautiful yet durable
surfaces sandstone is usually recognized
for a rather subtle coloring and a nice
soft textural look this sample board was
made for a client who couldn't decide
what they wanted I did several colors
and they chose one from this board
here's our original color of paper and
it's dry now we're going to add a second
layer of color now welcome and thanks
for purchasing this advanced coloring
technique for creating the look of slate
this is one in a series of my how-to
videos for decoupage floors featuring my
exclusive dura Podge technique for
creating beautiful yet durable surfaces
when you think of slate you think of
dramatic colors but you know there's
also very subtle tones as well and
what's going to make this so much fun in
learning this technique is you really
can't go wrong take your first color and
just spread it across the paper here was
the very soft tone on tone panel our
dramatic tones here welcome and thanks
for purchasing this video on how to
create Italian marble this is one in a
series of my how-to videos for creating
advanced color techniques in decoupage
featuring my exclusive dura Podge method
for beautiful yet durable surfaces don't
forget those edges can you see the
metallic copper it's dispersed very
naturally across the surface you've
definitely learned a fantastic technique
and you're going to create Italian
marble that's definitely bellissimo
welcome
for purchasing this how-to video on how
to create granite
this is what in a series of my how-to
videos featured my exclusive dura wash
method for creating beautiful yet
durable surfaces I'm going to give you
some do's and don'ts but it's really
only to help you not create muddy looks
I've chosen this nice kind of a mushroom
color for my base color
if you tried to pick this up and move it
it would slump and all your colors would
run that's why you'll need something
stiff to slide it on to